Add PR and issue templates (#479)
open-vsx/publish-extensions: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

<!--
  For Work In Progress Pull Requests, please use the Draft PR feature,
  see https://github.blog/2019-02-14-introducing-draft-pull-requests/ for further details.
  
  If you're publishing a new extension to OpenVSX, please make sure the extension has an OSI-approved open source license. If you want to have an extension with a proprietary or non-approved license, please ask its maintainers to publish it.
-->

> ## What type of PR is this?

Reviewer: I don't think it is important. I would like to bring attention both on issues and PR for new or broken extensions to the fact that extension should be removed from this repo and published directly to OpenVSX by the author.

- [ ] ✨ Adding a new extension
- [ ] 📝 Updating the scripts and/or publishing workflows

## Can't manually publish

For the sake of efficiency and simplicity, the easiest way to publish an extension is by having it published by its official maintainers, for more info about this please refer to the [README](https://github.com/open-vsx/publish-extensions#when-to-add-an-extension). If you are the maintainer of this very extension, instead of creating a PR, publish the extension according to the [Publishing Extensions](https://github.com/eclipse/openvsx/wiki/Publishing-Extensions) guide in our project's wiki.

> - [ ] I have tried reaching out to the extension maintainers about publishing this extension to OpenVSX

Reviewer: We should point here to template which they should use.

<!--

>   For Work In Progress Pull Requests, please use the Draft PR feature,

Reviewer 2: Could we move this point below some of the others, as it's not the main point/message we're trying to send?

  see https://github.blog/2019-02-14-introducing-draft-pull-requests/ for further details.
  
  If you're publishing a new extension to OpenVSX, please make sure the extension has an OSI-approved open source license. If you want to have an extension with a proprietary or non-approved license, please ask its maintainers to publish it.

> -->
> <!--

Reviewer 2: Could we remove these comments? 

```suggestion
```

> PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING BEFORE SUBMITTING THIS PULL REQUEST:
> 
> ## A note about PRs adding or fixing extensions

Reviewer 2: I'd suggest we just remove this to take out some visual noise. 

```suggestion
```

### For extension authors

> Although this repository is all about extensions, it is very hard to manage houndreds of extensions just by our team, we don't have the capacity to take care of every new broken extension, which includes new extensions. If you are the author of this contributed extension, please take the time to integrate OpenVSX publishing into your extension. You can refer to our [direct publish setup](docs/direct_publish_setup.md) doc for a guide on how to do it easily.

Reviewer 2: I'd suggest we directly copy/paste the reasoning from the README for consistency, but also as it's more accurate, and also explains a bit more about _why_ it's better for authors to publish (and not just that it's a pain for us... which is true, that also!). But I'd lead with the benefits to the extension authors and/or the problems which occur when authors don't publish themselves. 

```suggestion
`publish-extensions` exists to seed the Open VSX marketplace, and also serves as a place for extensions that cannot feasibly be published directly by the extensions authors. In the long-run it is better for extension owners to publish their own plugins because:

1. Any future issues (features/bugs) with any published extensions in Open VSX will be directed to their original repo/source-control, and not confused with this repo publish-extensions.
2. Extensions published by official authors are shown within the Open VSX marketplace as such. Whereas extensions published via publish-extensions display a warning that the publisher (this repository) is not the official author.
3. Extension owners who publish their own extensions get greater flexibility on the publishing/release process, therefore ensure more accuracy/stability. For instance, in some cases publish-extensions has build steps within this repository, which can cause some uploaded plugin versions to break (e.g. if a plugin build step changes).

If you are the author of the extension being raised in this PR, please first consider directly publishing the extension yourself. You can refer to our [direct publish setup](docs/direct_publish_setup.md) doc for a guide on how to publish your plugin to Open VSX.
```

### For community contributors

For the sake of efficiency and simplicity, the easiest way to publish an extension is by having it published by its maintainers, for more info about this please refer to the [README](https://github.com/open-vsx/publish-extensions#when-to-add-an-extension). If the authors are open to publish the extension to OpenVSX, you can help them by contributing a GitHub Action using our handy-dandy [direct publish setup](docs/direct_publish_setup.md) doc. 

 - If the extension is unmaintained, please create an issue for it instead.

-->

- [ ] I have read the note above about PRs contributing or fixing extensions

> - [ ] I have tried reaching out to the extension maintainers about publishing this extension to OpenVSX 
> 
>     - if you haven't, please create an issue in the extension's repo using [this template](docs/external_contribution_request.md).

Reviewer 2: Could we bring together this line and the checkbox? 

```suggestion
- [ ] I have tried reaching out to the extension maintainers about publishing this extension to OpenVSX (if no,  please create an issue in the extension's repo using [this template](docs/external_contribution_request.md).
```

## Description

<!-- Please do not leave this blank -->

> This PR does *this* and *this*. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This PR introduces X change for Y reason. 
```
